 1dtocsy   -  1D tocsy for rapid scalar coupling correlations;
                internal subtraction of on-resonance and off-
                resonance selective excitation.
                Uses shaped pulse inversion of desired resonance on 
                alternate scans, followed by normal tocsy sequence.

           SELECTIVE PULSE IS DONE VIA PROGR.ATTENUATORS
        (more selective (lower power) pulses may be done by recabling
         decoupler programmable attenuator in line with the obs. prog.
         attenuator. The parameter dpwr then can be used to control
         a base power level (no decoupling would be possible using 
         standard methods, however). The 1dtocsy.c pulse sequence code
         would have to be modified to include explicit power statements
         prior to the relevant pulses in the sequence.)

    ref: a. bax and d.g. davis, j. magn. reson. 65, 355 (1985)

    pw - 90 degree pulse during mlev periods (at power level tpwr)
    p1 - 90 degree excitation pulse (at power p1lvl)
    satdly - presaturation delay using obs. xmtr.
    satfrq - presaturation frequency
    satpwr - presaturation power level
    intsub - 'y': internal subtraction of data acquired by on-resonance
                  and off-resonance selective excitation
             'n': data acquired by on-resonance and off-resonance selec-
                  tive excitation are stored separately
    selfrqon -  frequency of transmitter selective pulse (on resonance);
                array if intsub = 'n'
    selfrqof - frequency of transmitter selective pulse (off resonance);
                an inactive parameter if intsub = 'n'
    selpwr - maximum power of transmitter selective pulse
    shape  -  shape of selective inversion pulse
seltime-length(in us) of transmitter selective (180) pulse at frequency satfrq.
               (create seltime parameter as a "pulse")
    trim - trim pulse time
    mix - mixing time
    nt - multiple of 32  (intsub = 'n')
         multiple of 64  (intsub = 'y')

            G.Gray  Palo Alto   Sept 1991   */
